Update the Landing Zone deployment guide to take into account the latest fixes/code in module-security (#344)
gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io: _posts/2019-08-12-how-to-configure-production-grade-aws-account-structure.adoc

  Vault and Consul clusters after every single commit. You don't want all this infrastructure churn in your application
  or sandbox accounts, so we recommend having a separate AWS account dedicated for automated tests.

Logs account::
  You will want a single _logs account_ for aggregating log data. All the other accounts—root, security, application
  accounts, shared-services, etc.—will send their AWS Config and CloudTrail data to this account so that you have a
  single, central place where all logs are stored and can be viewed. This account will also contain a KMS customer
  master key (CMK) that is used to encrypt CloudTrail logs.

Note that for larger organizations with multiple separate business units, you may need to repeat the structure above
multiple times. That is, in the root account, you
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_ous.html#create_ou[create an Organization Unit]
for each business unit, and within each Organization Unit, you create a set of application, shared-services, sandbox,
and testing accounts (security and logs accounts are usually shared across the entire organization). It's not unusual

> for large organizations to have dozens or even hundreds of AWS accounts.

Reviewer: This whole paragraph should be indented at the same level. Otherwise you get line height issues:
<img width="780" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13165182/88315655-2f7fd680-ccdc-11ea-9a3a-9929d78fcfbe.png">

Author: This is actually a styling issue on the guides themselves, and not a problem with the content of this particular guide. For some reason, definition lists have more line height than normal paragraph text. So what you're seeing is that the "Logs account" section is part of a definition list, and then the next paragraph ("Note that for larger organizations...") is just a normal paragraph, and when the two are next to each other, it looks weird. We should probably have the same line height on both... Or if anything, _less_ line height on definition lists. It's a minor issue separate from this PR, so CCing @josh-padnick to decide if/when to fix this.

Reviewer 2: FYI, recorded this in https://gruntwork.atlassian.net/browse/WWW-101. Not sure when we'll prioritize this but it's at least recorded for now. 

FWIW, I care a lot about content formatting and consistency. The question is just what's the right place to really invest in that. Right now, I'm planning on coming up with a master docs strategy soon, so that may well be the place we work hard to really get it right.

Author: Roger, thx!

=== CloudTrail

You'll want to enable CloudTrail in every single AWS account so that you have an audit log of the major activity
happening in the account. We typically recommend that you aggregate these logs in the logs account. To do this, you:

> . Create an S3 bucket in the logs account and grant the CloudTrail service in all accounts write access to this
>   bucket.

Reviewer: Can we highlight "write access" somehow differently? Or maybe use this:
```suggestion
. Create an S3 bucket in the logs account, and grant the CloudTrail service in all accounts _write access_ to this
  bucket.
```

Reviewer: Or
```suggestion
. Create an S3 bucket in the logs account, and grant the CloudTrail service in all accounts permissions to write
 to this bucket.
```

. Create a KMS Customer Master Key (CMK) in the logs account and grant the CloudTrail service in all accounts
  permissions to encrypt data with this CMK.
. Enable CloudTrail in all accounts, configuring it to encrypt data with the CMK in the logs account and write data
  to the S3 bucket in the logs account.
. (Optional) Configure CloudTrail to also send logs to CloudWatch Logs within each account. This gives you an
  additional way to quickly view recent CloudTrail data for an account in the account itself, without having to login
  to the logs account.

=== AWS Config

You'll want to enable AWS Config in every one of your AWS accounts, plus any AWS Config Rules that are relevant to your
company, so that you can track AWS resource configuration changes over time and enforce company policy. Note that you
should enable AWS Config in every AWS region, and not just the region(s) you're using for the rest of your infrastructure.
That way, if an employee (perhaps accidentally), or even worse, an attacker, runs something in a region you don't typically
use, it'll still be recorded in AWS Config, and your rules will still be enforced.

> We typically recommend that you aggregate AWS Config data in the logs account. To do this you:

Reviewer: NIT: Only for consistency with [line 789](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io/pull/344/files#diff-1bef727ea530a0297ea01495be18648eR789).
```suggestion
We typically recommend that you aggregate AWS Config data in the logs account. To do this, you:
```

> 
> . Create an S3 bucket in the logs account and grant the AWS Config service in all accounts write access to this
>   bucket.
> . Enable AWS Config in all accounts, configuring them to send data to the S3 bucket in the logs account.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

. Create an S3 bucket in the logs account and grant the AWS Config service in all accounts write access to this
  bucket.
. Enable AWS Config in all accounts, configuring them to send data to the S3 bucket in the logs account.
. Create an SNS topic in each region of the logs account, and set up AWS Config in each region of each account to send SNS notifications to the topic in the corresponding region of the logs account. This is because Config cannot send notifications to topics in other regions.
```

  # Only allow this Terraform version. Note that if you upgrade to a newer version, Terraform won't allow you to use an
  # older version, so when you upgrade, you should upgrade everyone on your team and your CI servers all at once.
  required_version = "= 0.12.29"
}
----

Next, use the `account-baseline-root` module from the Gruntwork Infrastructure as Code Library, making sure to replace the `<VERSION>` placeholder
with the latest version from the https://github.com/gruntwork-io/module-security/releases[releases page] (minimum
version for this guide is `v0.34.1`):

.infrastructure-modules/landingzone/account-baseline-root/main.tf

> [source,hcl]

Reviewer: NIT: Maybe use this for all the `.tf` files, so we don't have `3` in `s3` highlighted weirdly. Do we have syntax highlighting for terraform? (Ignore if not.)
```suggestion
[source,terraform]
```

Author: Agreed the highlighting for `3` is weird.

@eak12913 @oredavids Do we have syntax highlighting for `terraform` or only `hcl` in whatever library we use to do syntax highlighting for AsciiDoc?

FWIW, my editor (IntelliJ) recognized `hcl` with AsciiDoc and highlights those code snippets correctly while I'm editing, but does not recognize `terraform`, so I wonder if only the former actually works?

Reviewer 4: My understanding is that Jekyll uses [Rouge](http://rouge.jneen.net/) as the default highlighter. That highlighter has `terraform` as an language but does not seem to have `hcl`

Author: Hm, it seems to be the opposite? When I have `[source,hcl]`, syntax highlighting works. When I switch to `[source,terraform]`, there's no syntax highlighting at all.

}

variable "aws_region" {

>   description = "The AWS Region to use as the global config recorder and seed region for GuardDuty."

Reviewer 3: AWS does not approve 😡 🤣

Reviewer: `:%s/AWS //g`

Author: I think I'm missing the joke?

Author: I guess officially it's called Amazon GuardDuty not AWS GuardDuty... Though the change above was because I copy/pasted updated variables from `module-security` and some of them had different descriptions...

Reviewer 3: You can ignore this. I was only referencing how much of a stickler AWS is when it comes to their naming/branding. Dropping the "Amazon" or "AWS" prefix will get your talk banned from re:Invent.

Reviewer: Ah, then maybe my silly joke should be...
`:%s/[AWS|Amazon] //g`

Author: Ah, roger 😁

inputs = {
  # Fill in your region you want to use (only used for API calls) and the ID of your root AWS account
  aws_region     = "us-east-2"
  aws_account_id = "<ROOT_ACCOUNT_ID>"

  # Prefix all resources with this name
  name_prefix = "<COMPANY_NAME>-root"

  # If you've already created an AWS Organization in your root account, either run 'import' or set this variable to false
  create_organization = true

>   # On the first deploy, we must disable AWS Config and CloudTrail, as we want to send AWS Config and CloudTrail data
>   # to the logs account, but before we can do that, we have to create and configure the logs account!

Reviewer: I think it reads more clearly to say
```suggestion
  # On the first deploy, we must disable AWS Config and CloudTrail, which send AWS Config and CloudTrail data
  # to the logs account, which is not yet created. So first we have to create and configure the logs account!
```

Author: Hm, I find the original version a bit easier to read / follow. Anyone else wants to chime in with a 3rd opinion to break the tie?

Reviewer: Yeah, I don't think either suggestion is great. It should probably say

```suggestion
  # At this point we don't yet have a logs account, so disable AWS Config and CloudTrail, since they depend on the logs account.
```

Author: Rephrased to: https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io/pull/344/commits/19a2b2c443a102f21545caa244e87d18dccd4cf5

[source,bash]
----
cd infrastructure-live/root/_global/account-baseline
terragrunt apply -parallelism=4
----

> IMPORTANT: We **strongly** recommend setting Terraform parallelism to a low value (e.g., `-parallelism=4`) with the `account-baseline-xxx` modules. This is because these modules deploy multi-region resources (e.g., GuardDuty, AWS Config, etc), and for each region, Terraform spins up a separate process, so if you don't limit the parallelism, it may peg all your CPU cores and lead to network connectivity errors.

Reviewer 3: May also want to use `ulimit -n` to adjust the number of allowed open file descriptors.

Author: Could you provide a bit more context on how `ulimit` helps here?

Reviewer 3: I guess it's really an adjacent problem, but I've consistently encountered errors like:

`Error: pipe: too many open files`

when running TF on large state files. The concern is that users may encounter the same issue, especially as their environments/state files grow.

Author: Weird, I've seen TLS / connection issues, but never too many open files issues...

Reviewer 3: Just saw this when running `destroy` on account-baseline-app. My ulimit was 256. `ulimit -n 1024` fixes the issue.

Author: https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io/pull/352

# ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

variable "name_prefix" {

>   description = "The name used to prefix AWS Config and Cloudtrail resources, including the S3 bucket names and SNS topics used for each."

Reviewer 3: Why change "CloudTrail" to "Cloudtrail"? The former is correct.

Author: Copy/pasted from `module-security`. Fixed: https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io/pull/344/commits/ee1c263846283740c72e99dd085b92198a2571be. Should probably fix the same in `module-security` itself.

[source,bash]
----
cd infrastructure-live/stage/_global/account-baseline
terragrunt apply -parallelism=4
----

> IMPORTANT: We **strongly** recommend setting Terraform parallelism to a low value (e.g., `-parallelism=4`) with the `account-baseline-xxx` modules. This is because these modules deploy multi-region resources (e.g., GuardDuty, AWS Config, etc), and for each region, Terraform spins up a separate process, so if you don't limit the parallelism, it may peg all your CPU cores and lead to network connectivity errors.

Reviewer 3: Is it worth repeating this recommendation so many times throughout the doc?

Reviewer: I think so. As we said in the intro of the doc, skipping around is encouraged, so it's hard to say which location we do show this recommendation (if we were to have only one location).

Author: Yep, what Rho said! Including `-parallelism` is not common and I kept forgetting to do it myself while running this code, so I figured extra reminders would be useful here.
